The Department of Energy (DOE), by memo dated 7/25/2019, has granted National
Technology and Engineering Solutions of Sandia, LLC (NTESS) permission to assert
its copyright in software entitled " SWinzip v. 2.0 ".

"SWinzip v. 2.0" is released under an Open Source Software (OSS) license.

Copyright [2019] National Technology & Engineering Solutions of
Sandia, LLC (NTESS). Under the terms of Contract DE-NA0003525 with NTESS, the
U.S. Government retains certain rights in this software.


NOTICE: For five (5) years from 7/25/2019 the United States Government is
granted for itself and others acting on its behalf a paid-up, nonexclusive,
irrevocable worldwide license in this data to reproduce, prepare derivative
works, and perform publicly and display publicly, by or on behalf of the
Government. There is provision for the possible extension of the term of this
license. Subsequent to that period or any extension granted, the United States
Government is granted for itself and others acting on its behalf a paid-up,
nonexclusive, irrevocable worldwide license in this data to reproduce, prepare
derivative works, distribute copies to the public, perform publicly and display
publicly, and to permit others to do so. The specific term of the license can be
identified by inquiry made to National Technology and Engineering Solutions of
Sandia, LLC or DOE.

NEITHER THE UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT, NOR THE UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF
ENERGY, NOR NATIONAL TECHNOLOGY AND ENGINEERING SOLUTIONS OF SANDIA, LLC, NOR
ANY OF THEIR EMPLOYEES, MAKES ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OR ASSUMES ANY
LEGAL RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, OR USEFULNESS OF ANY
INFORMATION, APPARATUS, PRODUCT, OR PROCESS DISCLOSED, OR REPRESENTS THAT ITS
USE WOULD NOT INFRINGE PRIVATELY OWNED RIGHTS.
 